added intros (#58)
SW705E19/report: sections/problem-analysis/problem-analysis.tex

\chapter{Problem analysis}
In this chapter we will analyze existing solutions that deal with connecting prospective learners and tutors.
Furthermore, we will research scalability in software, and determine how a system should be designed to support this.
Fictive models of possible users, known as personas, can aid in the process of designing systems, and we will define some of these in this chapter.

> Finally, we will quickly explain the process with which the system will be created.

Reviewer: wat

Author: wat hvad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we will give a brief outcast of the work together process we used.
```

Author: man bliver så træt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we will give a brief overview of the collaborative process under which the system was created.
```
